chore: migrate DpCard to Storybook 7. (#472)
demos-europe/demosplan-ui: src/components/DpCard/DpCard.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import DpCard from './DpCard'

<Meta
    title="Components/Card"
    component={DpCard}
/>

# Card

> The DpCard component used to add Card section with `heading`, `heading-tooltip` props, and include some text or component
> like `dp-button` or `dp-loading`.

Reviewer: Let's focus on the use case instead of the implementation here:

```suggestion
The Card component is used to present concise and structured information in a visually appealing and organized manner. It can be used to display widgets in a dashboard, or a collection of distinct items.

The heading and tooltip of a card is set via props, while the content is passed via its default slot.
```

## Default usage

```html
<dp-card
    :heading="Translator.trans('heading')"
    :heading-tooltip="Translator.trans('analytics.visitorMetrics.contextualHelp')">

>     <div class="text--right u-mt">
>       <dp-button
>         :href="userFilteredSegmentUrl"
>         :text="Translator.trans('tasks.view')" />
>     </div>

Reviewer: The example should indicate where the content is to be placed, like so:

```suggestion
    Content goes here (into the default slot).
    Cards typically also contain actionable controls like buttons:
    <div class="text-right u-mt">
      <dp-button
        :href="userFilteredSegmentUrl"
        :text="Translator.trans('tasks.view')" />
    </div>
```
